OCPBUGS-52653 updated the tar code in step 3 and also added sentence in step 3 about unique cluster ID (#91615)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gathering-data-specific-features.adoc

<2> The must-gather image for KubeVirt

ifndef::openshift-origin[]

> . Create a compressed file from the `must-gather` directory that was just created in your working directory. Make sure you provide the date and cluster ID for a unique must-gather. For more information on how to find the cluster ID, see the Red Hat Knowledge base solution link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5280291[How to find the cluster-id or name on OpenShift cluster]. For example, on a computer that uses a Linux

Author: Made same edits in this file

operating system, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ tar cvaf must-gather-`date +"%m-%d-%Y-%H-%M-%S"`-$CLUSTERID.tar.gz must-gather.local.426787175854303238 <1>

Author: Made same edits in this file

----

> <1> Make sure to replace `must-gather.local.426787175854303238` with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Make sure to replace `<must_gather_local_dir>` with the actual directory name.
```

Author: Made changes

> actual directory name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Made the same changes to this file as above
